Support ReactElement in getItemSummary for fields (#1296)
measuredco/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/fields/external.mdx

### `getItemSummary(item)`

> Get the label to show once the item is selected. Can return a string or ReactElement for rich content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the label to show once the item is selected. Returns a [ReactNode](https://react.dev/learn/typescript#typing-children).
```

  }}
/>

> #### Using ReactElement for rich summaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using JSX for rich summaries
```

> The `getItemSummary` function can return a ReactElement for more complex item summaries with styling and additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getItemSummary` function returns a [ReactNode](https://react.dev/learn/typescript#typing-children), which means you can use JSX for item summaries that include HTML elements and styling.
```
